Update community info (#103)
com-pas/contributing: docs/GOVERNANCE.md

### Members

> CoMPAS TSC voting members can be fond the LFX project center. https://projectadmin.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/ and look for the CoMPAS project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoMPAS TSC voting members can be found in the LFX project center. https://projectadmin.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/ and look for the CoMPAS project
```
